- 👋 Hi, I’m @DanielB1957
- 👀 I’m interested in ...  Misty & Vector Robots - All Robots & other misc 
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...  Misty programing Python 
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on ... Misty Robot maybe some Vector robot
- 📫 How to reach me ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ... Joined github to search and learn. Sorry, probably won't contribute much at this point. Always loved robots & my grandchild does too. Power of AI scares the hell out of me so I need to learn about it.  Bought some used Misty Robots - Pro, Basic & Prototype Pro model wouldn't boot & Furhat support tried but unable to help so I figured it out myself.  Would like to terminal in via USB or hardware ports if possible but not sure if it is possible. Now as of 112924 I tried to run what I thought was a simple a python command -names = mia.getLearnedFaces() # returns the names of trained faces as a list- & can't STOP running it even after Misty power-cycle however, Blockly still works. BTW, my Vector robot has become more of an annoyance & Misty is a LOT cooler LOL. I figure learning Python is worth investing my time on when not overwhelmed with too many other projects. Also I play, repair, modify guitars and tube amps & and have all the equipment needed to do analog troubleshooting & replace board level components BUT my hands shake a bit too much for SMD most of the time.  My IT history - Retired 10yrs ago Senior IT security consultant. Educated in -VERY dated- & Limited programing experience in late 70s with low level Motorola6800 machine level hex coding. Problem there was no way then at the school to backup and edit code -stuck in a loop, too bad, reset & punch it all in the hex keypad again, and again, and again, that was it for me – no more programing.  Tape BU did come shortly after I finished school but I moved on already.   Self-taught since then starting Sinclair computer then onward with IBM PCs MSDOS through all versions of Windows & some Linux but no Apple . . . feel I got burned investing time with IBM/MS OS2.  Ironically I am actually NOT a big fan of Microsoft but made a fairly decent living supporting it for a few decades LOL. Hindsight I would have pursued UNIX . . . and NOT sold my stocks in IBM, MSFT, Netflix too early LOL. My IT focus for my last few decades on this earth will be continuing my education in autonomous robots & AI with my very young grandchild as long as I can. This is all probably way TMI but better for you all to know where I am at when I ask dumb questions.           

<!---
DanielB1957/DanielB1957 is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
